Note: To use the GUI versions of the tools, you must have a license.

SortThread example program:

Description:

	The program SortThread enables the user to select a series of
	sort programs to run. The GUI writen in Java(TM) Swing displays seven 	
	available sorts. Each sort writen in C is run in a separate thread. 	
	This program can be used to illustrate the Java debugging features of
	Sun Studio and the multi-threaded capabilities of the debugger.

Usage:

	SortThread

Example Scenario:


	Step 1: Make a copy of the program

	Copy the contents of the sortthread directory to your own 
	private working area with the following command:

		cp -r /opt/SUNWspro/examples/general/sortthread ~/sortthread

	NOTE: /opt/SUNWspro is the base directory where the product is
	installed. This directory maybe different in your environment.

	Step 2: Mount sortthread Program 
	
	Start the IDE with the sun studio command.
	
	In the Explorer window, right-click Filesystems at the top of the 
	Filesystems tab and choose Mount -> Local Directory to open the  
	Local Directory wizard. Find and select the sortthread directory on 
	the Select Directory page of the wizard and click Finish. 
	
	Step 3: Build your own copy of the SortThread program.

        Expand the node, select Makefile, and choose Build -> Make from the 
        main menu.

        You can see the build status "Build Successful." in the Output Window.
        
        Make sure the resulting shared library that is built, libSortThread.so,
        is in your library search path. You can do this by going to the
	Debug menu. Select "Dbx Configure". Add an environment variable
	called LD_LIBRARY_PATH.  The value of the variable should be the
	full pathname of the directory that has the library in it.

	Step 4: Run the program under the debugger.

	In the Explorer window, select SortThread.java, and choose Debug -> 
	Load Program from the main menu. Wait for the debugger session to start.
	
	You can now use the debugger to set breakpoints, step through
	the code, and otherwise explore. Try setting a breakpoint in
	SortThread.c and using the Threads view in the Debugger window to 
	explore individual threads. Please see the online help in the IDE for 
	more information on using the debugger.


Copyright © 2004 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle, Santa Clara, California
95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved.

	
