Note: To use the GUI versions of the tools, you must have a license.

memtest and gc_memtest example programs:

Description:

	memtest is meant to be run in the debugger, with both memory 	
	access and memory use checking turned on. The program memtest has some 	
	intentional memory access errors and intentional memory leaks. You can 	
	use the runtime-error checking feature in the debugger to identify these
	intentional errors.

Usage:

	memtest
	Runs some logic with intentional memory errors. Run this 
        executable within the debugger.

Example Scenario:

	Step 1: Make a copy of the program

	Copy the contents of the memorychecks directory to your own
        private working area with the following command: 

		cp  /opt/SUNWspro/examples/general/memorychecks/* ~/memorychecks
		
	NOTE: /opt/SUNWspro is the base directory where the product is
	installed. This directory may be different in your environment.

	Step 2: Mount memtest directory. 

	Start the IDE with the sunstudio command.

	In the Explorer window, right-click Filesystems at the top of the 
	Filesystems tab and choose Mount -> Local Directory to open the 		
	Local Directory wizard. Find and select the memorychecks directory in
	the Select Directory page of the wizard and click Finish. 
	
	Step 3: Build your own copy of memtest.
  
        Expand the node, select Makefile, and choose Build -> Make from the 
        main menu. You can see the build status "Build Successful." from the
 	Output Window.

	Step 4: Run the program under the debugger.

        In the Explorer window, select memtest, and choose Debug -> Load 
        Program from the main menu. Wait for the debugger session to start.
        
	To enable both the memory use checks and the memory access checks, 
	choose Debug -> Memory -> Check Access and Debug -> Memory -> Check
	Usage from the main menu.
	
	Continue to debug the program.

	Step 5: See the result of the memory checking and play with it.

Copyright © 2004 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle, Santa Clara, California
95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved.
