Note: To use the GUI versions of the tools, you must have a license.

Freeway example program:

Description:

	Freeway simulates traffic flow on a typical California highway.
	Individual vehicles make decisions about how fast and where to
	drive based on the conditions around them.

	The user can control some of the simulation parameters:
	* Speed limit in the three zones
	* Distance between cars
	* Simulation speed

Usage:

	Freeway

	Click Start to begin the simulation.

Example Scenario:

	Step 1: Make a copy of the program

	Copy the contents of the freeway directory to your own 
	private working area with the following command:

		cp -r /opt/SUNWspro/examples/general/freeway ~/freeway

	NOTE: /opt/SUNWspro is the base directory where the product is
	installed. This directory maybe different in your environment.

	The Freeway Makefile assumes that Freeway source files are under
	SCCS control. If you intend to use this Makefile, please ensure
	the source files have read-only permissions.

	Step 2: Mount Freeway Program

	Start the IDE with the sunstudio command.

	In the Explorer window, right-click Filesystems at the top of the 
	Filesystems tab and choose Mount -> Local Directory to open the 	
	Local Directory wizard. Find and select the freeway directory on the 
	Select Directory page of the wizard and click Finish.
	
	Step 3: Build your own copy of Freeway.
        
        Select Makefile and choose Build -> Make from the main menu.
        You can see the build status "Build Successful." in the Output Window.

	Step 4: Run the program under the debugger.

	In the Explorer window, select Freeway, and choose Debug -> Load 
	Program from the main menu. Wait for the debugger session to start.
	
	Click Start in the Freeway GUI to begin the simulation. 

	Step 5: Play with it.

	Though the program seems to work correctly, there are some bugs in it.
	Use the runtime checking facilities available from Debug -> Memory -> 
	Check Access and Debug -> Memory -> Check Usage to find access errors 
	and potential memory leaks. Try making changes to enhance the program. 
	Have fun.


Copyright © 2004 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle, Santa Clara, California
95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved.

