Note: To use the GUI versions of the tools, you must have a license.

threadtest example program:

Description:

	The program threadtest is a program that allows the
	caller to create some threads that do some simple work. 
	It displays a window with three numbered buttons. Clicking
	on one of the buttons creates one or more threads that 
	does some simple work. The number on the button indicate
	how many threads will be created by clicking on that button. 
	Next to each button is a label. The created thread will 
	use that label to let you know that the thread is running. 

	You can run threadtest in the debugger to experiment
	with the multi-threaded capabilities of the debugger.

Usage:

	threadtest

Example Scenario:

	Step 1: Make a copy of the program

	Copy the contents of the threadtest directory to your own 
	private working area with the following command:

		cp -r /opt/SUNWspro/examples/general/threadtest ~/threadtest

	NOTE: /opt/SUNWspro is the base directory where the product is
	installed. This directory maybe different in your environment.

	Step 2: Mount the threadtest Program 
	
	Start the IDE with the sunstudio command.
	In the Explorer window, right-click Filesystems the top of the 
	Filesystems tab and choose Mount -> Local Directory to open the 
	Local Directory wizard. Find and select the threadtest directory on 
	the Select Directory page of the wizard and click Finish. 
	
	Step 3: Build your own copy of the threadtest executable.

        Expand the node, select Makefile, and choose Build -> Make from 
        the main menu. You can see the build status "Build Successful." in the 
        Output Window.
        
	Step 4: Run the program under the debugger.

	In the Explorer window, select threadtest, and choose Debug -> Load 
	Program from the main menu. Wait for the debugger session to start.
	
	You can now use the debugger to set breakpoints, step through
	the code, and otherwise explore. Try setting a breakpoint in
	myThread() and using the Threads view in the Debugger window to explore
	individual threads. Please see the online help in the IDE for more
	information on using the debugger.

Copyright © 2004 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle, Santa Clara, California
95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved.
