Note: To use the GUI versions of the tools, you must have a license.

Cdlib example program:

Description:

	Cdlib scans the database file of the "workman" program. Workman is
	a program which plays and displays information about audio CDs using 
	a SCSI CD ROM drive connected to your Solaris workstation. The program
	allows you to enter CD Title, Artist and Track information on any
	CD that it plays. It maintains this information in a database file
	(~/.workmandb) which it can then recall later when you load a CD it
	has seen before. 

	The Cdlib program scans through the database file and computes
	statistics about the CDs entered such as the total amount of music,
	the average length of all the CDs in the database and the longest
	and shortest CD.

Usage:

	Cdlib
		Analyzes the CD library information in $HOME/.workmandb

	Cdlib database-file
		Analyzes the CD library information in database-file

Example Scenario:

	Step 1: Make a copy of the program

	Copy the contents of the cdlib directory to your own private working 
	area with the following command:

		cp  /opt/SUNWspro/examples/general/cdlib/* ~/cdlib
		
	NOTE: /opt/SUNWspro is the base directory where the product is
	installed. This directory may be different in your environment.

	If you do not already have a .workmandb file in your home
        directory, copy the sample.workmandb file to your home directory
        with the following command: 	

		cp  ~/cdlib/sample.workmandb $HOME

	Step 2: Mount Cdlib Program 

	Start the IDE with the sunstudio command.

	In the Explorer window, right-click Filesystems at the top of the 
	Filesystems tab and choose Mount -> Local Directory to open the 	
	Local Directory wizard. Find and select the cdlib directory in the 
	Select Directory page of the wizard and click Finish. 
	
	Step 3: Build your own copy of Cdlib.

	1. Create your own Makefile using Makefile wizard, if you do not want to
	create Makefile and would like to use the existing Makefile, skip to 2.
	
	. Delete existing Makefile or rename it.
	. From main menu, choose File -> New to bring up the New 		
	  wizard. 
	. On the Choose Template page, expand Makefiles, expand Simple 
	  Makefiles, select Single Executable Makefile, and click Next. 
	. On the Enter Name and Location page, type Makefile in the Name field 
	  and click Next.
	. Click Next on the Select Makefile Type and Platform page.
	. On the Base Directory page, type  ~/cdlib in Base Directory field 
	  and choose Next. 
	. Click Next on the Build Output Directory page.
	. On the Create List of Targets page, type Cdlib in the Target Name 
	  field and choose Next. 
	. On the Enter Source Files page, click Add to add Cdlib.c to the 
	  Source Files list, and click Next. 
	. On the Set Compiling Preference page, click Next.
	. On the Review Makefile page, click Finish. 
	. Review the Makefile information and select "Finish".
	
	2. Expand the node, select Makefile and choose Build -> Make from the 
	main menu. You can see the build status "Build Successful." in the
 	Output Window.

	Step 4: Run the program under the debugger.

        In the Explorer window, select Cdlib, and choose Debug -> Load Program
        from the main menu. Wait for the debugger session to start.
        
        In the Program I/O tab of the Output Window, if you get an error like: 
	
		"Error opening file <my home directory>/.workmandb" 
	
	it means you have never used the program workman or created a workman
	CD database file. If so, go back to Editing workspace, right-click 	
	Cdlib in Explorer window and choose Properties, select the Execution 	
	tab, enter "sample.workmandb" in the Arguments field and press return. 	
	Running the program again should work.
	
	Step 5: Play with it.

	Though the program seems to work correctly, there are some bugs in it.
	Use the runtime checking facilities available from Debug -> Memory -> 
	Check Access and Debug -> Memory -> Check Usage to find access errors 
	and potential memory leaks. Try making changes to enhance the program. 
	Have fun.

Copyright © 2004 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle, Santa Clara, California 
95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved.
